[Daisy]
Previously on The Testaments...
-Mom!
-[June] It was Gilead.
You're in danger.
I need to get you out of here.
I need you to trust me.
[Aunt Lydia]
Being a woman on God's green earth
is no easy feat.
Who can bring forth God's children?
Who. but you?
[Mr. William]
Dr. Grove is ready for you.
[Dr. Grove] Becka's gonna be thrilled
you're a Green now.
You know. you really are
getting to be a big girl. Agnes.
I imagine your breasts
must be quite tender.
It's starting to move very. very fast.
-It's a dress. not a husband.
-Not yet.
She could get an offer
from a Commander at the dance.
[Aunt Estee] You will have to make many
difficult decisions when you are wives.
I imagine it's a lot to handle.
Being a new wife.
[Penny]
God only sends us what we can bear.
It will be great.
Pushing strollers together.
I don't want to get married.
-I don't want a husband.
-But what else would you do?
-[bus crashing]
-[girls screaming]
Agnes! Get down!
Why does Gilead want to kill me?
They don't want to kill you.
They want to take you back.
When you got out of Gilead.
they would not stop looking for you.
Mayday's got you.
[whispering] What the fuck happened?
Was that Mayday?
[Garth]
It was meant to be a retrieval mission.
The girls weren't supposed to get hurt.
-What is this?
-[Daisy] Map of the school.
I need to speak to June.
You guys are just
some sloppy shitshow.
My life is in your hands here.
[♪ soft. upbeat music playing]
♪ Monday to Wednesday.
then skip right to Saturday ♪
♪ I can make sunshine shine
on a rainy day... ♪
[Daisy] Gilead was so beautiful.
sometimes I could forget where I was.
I could forget to be scared shitless
for a second.
But just a second.
Since the bus attack.
security was everywhere.
I was sure the Eyes were going
to pull me off the street.
Of course. the gals
had their own fish to fry.
Marriage season was all about
sucking up to the Aunts.
This time. it was a tea party.
The girls stressed out
about buying flowers and sweets
to please the Aunts.
I get it.
Always be extra nice to the frigid sadists
who are arranging your marriage.
♪ Everything comes my way ♪
Gilead pro-tip.
You're welcome.
-[helicopter whirring]
-[bells tolling]
[people chattering]
Here. Miss MacKenzie is still
choosing a few others.
Thank you.
[whispering]
Tell Garth. he's got to move me.
Or get me out!
I think they're closing in.
Please.
[door bells jingling]
[♪ tense music playing]
We're ready!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[birds chirping]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[♪ tense music continues]
[girl 1]
Beautiful day for a tea party.
[girl 2]
It's hot. Is anyone else hot?
You both look so different in green.
Do-- Do you feel different?
Not really.
My green dress has a bow
on the back of it.
My mom made it.
Just in case.
[Jehosheba]
She's not supposed to do that.
[Shunammite] Whatever.
God loves a woman who anticipates.
[Jehosheba]
You know it's against the rules.
What's up with her?
[♪ ominous music playing]
It's okay.
It's a good thing. It means we're safe.
They were Mayday.
Is she about to throw up?
Pray. give her a second.
She's not used to this stuff.
Don't feel sorry for them.
They tried to kill us. They're rebel scum.
We'll catch up in a second.
Pearl Girls.
Look. I know it's scary.
They pretended to be one of us.
meanwhile. the entire time they hated us.
They tried to kill us.
The Eyes will always find them.
You don't have to worry. Okay?
[helicopter whirring]
[♪ ominous music continues]
[Daisy] That's why
the florist was so scared.
Gilead is out there. looking for us.
Hunting us.
All I could think about is how
that could be me up there.
And if I didn't get out of here soon.
it would be.
But here we are. going to Agnes's house
for a fucking tea party.
[mouth full] This Madeleine is perfect.
[♪ ominous music intensifies]
-[helicopter whirring]
-[indistinct radio chatter]
[dog barking]
[dog panting]
[Paula muttering]
...humbled... [continues muttering]
Yes. uh... [stammering]
Turn it. so that--
that's what they see first.
Yes. Uh--
Yes. like--
Just right there so the--
the meat shows when they--
when they walk in.
So it's what they see first.
Yeah. that's good.
[♪ "(You Keep Me) Hangin' On"
by Ann Peebles playing]
♪ My heart... ♪
Of course. you think it's easy.
You've been practicing for months.
Okay. so now you need to practice.
-[both chuckling]
-Like this. around...
Here. come here.
Okay. ready? 'Kay.
One. two. three.
-One. two. three--
-[both chuckle]
You're stepping on the three.
It's supposed to be on two.
Like this.
One. two. three. One. two. three.
-Becka.
-[chuckles] You try.
Do I have to?
The waltz is the easy part.
You still have to learn
the opening number.
What if I get it wrong at the Ball?
Am I gonna look totally lame?
No. No. [chuckles]
You'll look adorable.
-You always do.
-[chuckles]
[♪ "(You Keep Me) Hangin' On" continues]
Okay. come here.
I will be the Commander.
You be you. Okay?
Right foot back.
side... together.
[both chuckle]
Okay. now the tricky part.
Raise your arm. Up. like this.
Together.
[softly] And down.
♪ It's true ♪
♪ You got me ♪
♪ Wrapped around your finger ♪
♪ It seems to me like ♪
♪ Seems to me like that's where I belong ♪
♪ You know ♪
♪ You know how to hold me ♪
♪ You know how to thrill me ♪
♪ And you know how to control me.
makin' me like it ♪
♪ Just enough to keep me ♪
-♪ Just enough to keep me hangin' on ♪
-♪ Hangin' on ♪
Okay. I think you've got it.
♪ Just enough to keep me ♪
♪ Just enough to keep me hangin' on ♪
[♪ song fades out]
[Paula] There you are!
We have guests arriving.
Becka was teaching me
the dance for the Ball.
Mm. thank you. Becka.
She needs all the help she can get.
But the Aunts will be here any minute.
-Hm.
-[Penny] Those are in the fridge.
Your hair is frizzy again.
Do you see what I'm dealing with?
-Paula. you have so much to do.
-[Paula sighs]
-I'll spruce little Agnes up.
-Thank you.
[Martha]
Oh. here. let's press this.
[sighing] Just-- Just beyond. Agnes.
So. Paula is still a blessing. I see.
-I thank God for her every day.
-[Hulda] Aw. charcuterie.
[Shunammite]
This basket is off the charts.
-[Hulda] Oh. pears!
-Let's go check out your bounty.
[girls chattering]
-[Shunammite] Who sent this?
-[Hulda] It's crazy.
I've never seen a spread like this.
You clearly made an impression.
Tenderloin. That's no joke.
She also got oranges.
Commander Stevens. He's a catch.
Oranges are alright. but didn't
you get guavas and lychees
when you were a Green?
[Penny] Yeah. but they were easier
to get back then.
[Hulda] Artichoke is hard
to come by these days.
Which Commander is this?
Uh. Collins. He's in charge
of one of the Colonies.
-Ew.
-Yikes.
-No. thank you.
-Ew.
[Penny] So. who do you think will match.
and who's gonna crash and burn?
Becka's doing well. She got lamb chops.
[Penny] Of course. you did.
I bet Jehosheba's crazy jealous.
[Agnes chuckles]
-[Shunammite] Jehosheba will do just fine.
-[Daisy] I was two people.
One could walk and talk.
say "Praise be" and "Yes. ma'am."
And the other could only think
about those dead bodies
hanging from the bridge.
Was it obvious to everyone?
Luckily. I was basically invisible.
Penny!
Can you feel the baby kicking yet?
[whispering] No. it's too early for that.
You know. I can't wait. [chuckles]
And Michael is even
more excited than I am.
You're so much further along
than last time.
Hulda!
[both spitting]
Sorry.
You can be so slow sometimes.
-[door opening]
-[Garth] Spread out. Search the house.
Blessed be the fruit.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Garth] Downstairs first.
Search the rooms.
[Guardian]
Copy. Sweeping downstairs.
[Garth] If you see something
you don't like. raise a flag. Okay?
Oh. Guardian?
I'd like to have that card
from Commander Stevens read.
Please.
Um... Yes. Mrs. Judd.
[clearing throat]
"Agnes. congratulations
on reaching this milestone.
"God hath blessed you
in every respect.
"I look forward to a dance at the Ball.
Praise be."
[♪ soft. tense music playing]
[Daisy]
I'm worried about being executed.
She's over there getting horny.
Under His eye. right. Agnes?
Girls. the cars are pulling up
to the gate.
Quick. quick. Come along.
-Yes. Mother.
-I'm coming.
[Paula] Under His eye.
-[basket thuds. items clattering]
-[gasps]
Clean that up immediately.
Yes. Mrs. MacKenzie.
-[Guardian 1] Everything check out?
-[Guardian 1] Yes. Let's go.
[front door closes]
[tissue paper rustling]
A woman in the Florist Shop
almost got me caught today.
She was terrified.
She said she needs you to move her.
[softly] Shit.
Is something happening?
This morning. I had to walk
past three dead bodies.
Lower your voice.
Gilead's retaliating
for what happened with the bus.
Has Commander Hayes'
daughter said anything?
Her father take any trips?
-Commander...?
-Shunammite.
No. Are you even listening to me?
Those people that they hung were Mayday.
I have to get the fuck out of here.
It's too dangerous.
You knew that coming in.
Yeah. coming in. I assumed you guys
had an organized operation.
[scoffs] What. so you thought
it would just go smoothly?
No bumps? It's a rebellion!
Who do I talk to
about getting out of here?
-[scoffs]
-I don't trust you guys anymore.
And what about the trust we put in you?
We have never had someone get
this close to these girls. their fathers.
the men who run this country.
We waited for this.
[♪ tense music playing]
If you leave now.
we may never have the chance again.
-We need you to do this.
-Do what?
What's the goalpost?
When do I get to leave?
I don't know.
Fuck you.
Find out.
Look. if you get something helpful.
information that really
makes a difference.
at least they'll feel like
they got some return on investment.
Just don't get caught and hung
while I do it?
[front door opens]
[♪ tense music continues]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[dog barking]
[♪ tense music continues]
[Daisy] This wasn't just a tea
in honor of the Aunts.
It was the last chance for the top Greens
to show they're Wife material.
Running a High Commander's house
was definitely not for the fainthearted.
The Aunts needed to see
who could handle the pressure
and who would break.
They would end up with losers.
abusers. or worse.
One stumble and you
could be forever fucked.
Welcome to my world. ladies.
Blessed day. our most cherished guests.
What an honor
to welcome you all here today.
We are so grateful for how well
you've groomed our girls for marriage.
I'm sure it was no small task. [chuckles]
Please. enjoy this afternoon
as a humble token of our appreciation.
We are but vessels for His will.
And the girls are eager to show
their appreciation as well.
Isn't that right. Jehosheba?
Yes. Mother.
God has been so generous
in blessing us all with the best teachers.
And I plan to carry the wisdom
you have taught us
for the rest of my life. [chuckles]
[Aunt Lydia] Hmm.
Shall we begin?
Please. follow me.
[Daisy] Perfect nails. tailored dresses.
Meanwhile. these women
are all married to war criminals.
Mrs. MacKenzie is the alpha here.
because she's married
to the most important Commander.
She has power.
Reflected. but still.
That's what all these girls
desperately want.
Power is survival in Gilead.
Given the most recent troubles.
are you concerned some Commanders
will-- will miss the Ball?
All is as the Lord intends.
Praise be.
[Daisy] Jehosheba's father
designed the Colonies.
He took a trip to visit them recently.
A piece of intel I picked up
when Jehosheba complained her Marthas
slacked off during his absence.
Is it more prudent to postpone
until we're sure that the dust has settled
on all this... ugliness?
All will be well.
[Daisy] Becka's parents are nobodies.
so her mom has to make nice
with everybody.
The Commanders will be there.
You have no reason to worry.
I will trust in the Aunts. as always.
[group chattering]
[Paula] Ladies?
Aunt Lydia. would you do us the honor?
Heavenly Father. we offer
this bounty and abundance in thanks...
[Daisy] Heavenly Father. or Mother.
Goddess of the Earth. if you really exist.
strike lightning through
these bitches' hairdos
and send a helicopter
to get me out of Gilead.
...and these Thy gifts.
which we are about to receive
from Thy bounty.
-through Christ. our Lord...
-[Daisy] Also.
I'd love a Big Mac.
-...Amen.
-[all] Amen.
Amen.
Let's have some tea. [chuckles]
[chatter. laughter]
[tea kettles whistling]
[overlapping chatter continues]
[Daisy] From what I can tell.
these girls aren't expected
to make anything or do anything.
It's all been bought at a shop
or prepared by their Marthas.
Their only job is to make sure
everything is perfect.
That usually involves bossing
around the people below them.
which they're fucking great at.
Hmm. Mm. The color.
It's too light.
You didn't brew it long enough.
It's jasmine tea.
It's supposed to be light.
If you brew it too long. it gets bitter.
-Make it again!
-[cup shatters]
[whining] Why are you doing this to me?
[Jehosheba crying]
I'll make you a new one.
Don't distress yourself.
-Don't worry.
-It's okay.
-Don't worry about it. They'll clean up.
-My Martha brewed extra tea
if you want to use some of ours.
It's lovely. Thank you. Rosa.
You got this.
I feel so bad for them.
For that to happen right
at the start of their season.
You mean. the bus?
I hope that they find every
single one of those terrorists
and gender traitors
and string them up like rats.
[tea kettle whistling]
Can I get you more ginger ale?
Aren't you sweet?
[chuckling] No. thank you. I'm fine.
[Marthas clapping slowly]
Best of luck. girls!
[clapping continues]
[♪ eerie. whimsical music playing]
[slow marching footsteps]
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ spirited orchestral music playing]
Excellent form. girls.
♪♪
Wonderful. isn't it?
Mm.
[Miriam's mother] [whispers]
Well done. Miriam.
[♪ music darkens]
[♪ spirited music continues]
[softly clapping]
-[china clattering]
-Miriam!
[Miriam gasps]
[♪ music stops]
-[Miriam breathing shakily]
-[Aunt] Oh dear.
I'm so. so sorry. Mrs. Ma--
MacKenzie. I'll go get my Martha now.
It's no worry at all. dear.
[breathing shakily]
[exhales sharply]
I-- I can't believe I did that.
It was a mistake. but
"The Lord waits to be gracious to us."
so... fingers crossed.
What happened?
She spilled her tea.
That's it?
[voice shaking] Aunt Estee.
Pray. I'm so sorry to have failed you.
All one can do is her best.
Pray. I won't be married off
to a man from the Colonies.
will I?
Whatever happens is in God's plan for you.
[girl] [whispers]
How could she do that?
[softly] By His hand.
-It's okay.
-[Miriam sniffling]
[Miriam sobbing]
[♪ somber music playing]
-Breathe. breathe. It's okay.
-[continues sobbing]
[Daisy] I didn't understand it then.
I'm not sure I understand it now.
But it was real to them.
[Daisy] As real as anything
I've ever felt.
As real as a heart attack.
Or a hanging.
[fire crackling]
[birds chirping]
Blessed day. Are you lost?
Blessed day. sir.
Well. what brings you in here?
[♪ tense music playing]
Forgive me. The chocolate on your desk.
sir.
I haven't had any since
before I came to Gilead.
[♪ tense music continues]
I'm sorry.
I'll accept whatever correction
you deem appropriate. sir.
♪♪
I used to bring these home
to my daughter when she was little.
But I don't think she likes them anymore.
Aunt Lydia. she paired me with Miss Agnes.
I have much to learn
and she sets such a pious example.
-[♪ tense music fades]
-[birds chirping]
And she's been so kind to me.
Yes. she's a very good girl.
I suppose she's not a girl now.
Is she happy?
"Joyful indeed are those
whose God is the Lord."
[sighs]
You must be needed at the party.
Go in grace.
[♪ solemn music playing]
[door shuts]
[exhales heavily]
So. how do you think you did?
-Fine?
-Fine.
[indistinct chatter]
[whispering] Well. I'm sure you guys
looked better than Miriam.
[whispering] That wasn't her fault.
Who cares? She chunked it.
Poor Miriam.
Girls. back into the parlor. Off you go.
[softly] I'm so proud of you.
Thank you. Rosa.
[indistinct chatter]
[♪ light music playing]
[whispering] I know what you're doing.
Uh. I wasn't doing anything.
Staring at a man like that?
Maybe you don't care what happens to you.
but you can get him in a lot of trouble.
Guardians are punished for a lot less.
[Rosa] Come now. it's time
for the Commander's Cake.
Just so you know.
I used to have a lot of guy friends.
It was totally platonic.
and it wasn't a big deal.
Ladies. the Lord revels
in how you have
all comported yourselves today.
You have done your mothers proud.
And you have done us proud.
And so. we finish with a Gilead tradition.
The Commander's Cake.
Inside one of these slices.
a hidden treasure.
Shall we find out who is so lucky?
Who will have His light shined upon her
at this juncture?
Oh. let them eat their cake. Vidala!
Dig in. girls.
[softly chuckles] Hmm.
[dishes clinking]
[group chattering quietly]
[bite crunches]
[♪ curious music playing]
Agnes found the bride!
[Daisy] History has it that whoever gets
the bride is the first to marry.
-[polite applause]
-It's kind of like catching the bouquet.
It's a porcelain bride.
-[mouth squelching]
-Not a plastic one.
There's no plastic in Gilead.
[tooth pops]
[porcelain clinks]
[Paula gasps]
[gasping and murmuring]
Is it... bad?
Of course. it's bad.
How awful.
And with the Ball so soon.
Don't worry. Paula.
I'll call my husband and make sure
she gets seen right away.
Praise be your kindness.
Go clean up. Agnes. I'll send for a car.
[♪ tense music playing]
Hey. don't worry.
My dad will take good care of you.
I promise.
[♪ tense music continues]
[♪ peppy waiting room Muzak playing]
Have a Blessed day. Commander.
Agnes. Lovely to see you. as always.
Come.
[Daisy] I guess even in Gilead.
no one likes to go to the fucking dentist.
[♪ peppy Muzak continues playing]
You're in luck.
A simple bonding will do the trick.
Very routine.
Praise be.
This is just a mild sedative.
There we go.
Just recite the Lord's Prayer
and before you know it...
-[clicks button]
-...you'll wake up with a perfect smile.
[gas hissing]
[♪ tense music continues]
[slowly] Our Father. who art in heaven.
Hallowed be Thy name.
Thy kingdom come...
[groggily] Thy will be done...
on Earth...
as it is...
[weakly muttering]
[♪ tense music intensifies]
[♪ peppy Muzak playing]
[whispering] Hey.
Hey.
A chocolate from
Commander MacKenzie's office.
You wanted to know
whose dads were traveling.
The Swiss are neutral.
It's an import.
Look at the back.
Japan has sanctions against Gilead.
What was he doing there?
Why the fuck would I know?
That's your job.
Also. you might want
to be careful with Agnes.
She's in love with you.
Nice work letting that happen.
[door opening]
[♪ tense music playing]
[water running]
[faucet shuts off]
[Dr. Grove] Welcome back.
If you have any pain. tell your mother.
She'll call me.
Oh. and good luck at the Ball.
I'm sure you and Becka will do great.
[fountain trickling]
[vehicle approaching]
[Paula] Okay. come. Let me see.
Smile. Open.
Oh. thank the Lord.
Dr. Grove does beautiful work.
[sighs deeply]
I blame your mother for this.
She gave you weak teeth. didn't she?
Tabitha?
No. not Tabitha.
[sighs] It's not your fault
that you come from weak genes.
That's where that
rebellious streak comes from.
She has a weak chin.
Can't fix that.
[Agnes softly chuckles]
So... how many mothers have you had?
One.
Paula's my stepmother. My mother died.
But your stepmother
mentioned someone else.
Your birth mother?
We don't--
It's rude to talk about that here.
I'm sorry.
My mom died. too.
So did my birth mother.
[front door opens. closes]
[Rosa] Daisy. dear.
It's time for you to head back.
Your ride's around the house.
-[package paper rustling]
-The leftover cake.
For you and the other Pearl Girls.
Thank you.
Have a blessed evening. Miss Agnes.
[♪ tense music playing]
[Daisy] A lot later. I found out
what happened to the florist.
She tried to run when
the Eyes came to the shop.
She was shot dead in the street.
I found out her name was Candace.
[♪ tense music continues]
Rest in peace. Candace.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
Candace panicked. and now she's dead.
Don't show anything.
No matter what. no matter how much
I'm freaking out inside.
I need to keep my shit together.
like they do.
Like Agnes. like all of them.
I'm sure they're panicking
a lot of the time.
and I don't even see it.
Push it down. You can do it.
That's what they're always
telling us in Gilead.
"God never gives us
more than we can handle."
But that. as they used to say in my world.
is bullshit.
[stall door squeaking]
[lock latches]
[radio static]
[announcer] [on radio]
You're listening to Radio Free Boston
with an urgent warning for--
[radio stops]
[high-pitched tone]
[tone stops]
[stall door creaking]
[♪ soft. suspenseful music playing]
[water running]
♪♪
[♪ music intensifies]
[breathing heavily]
[muffled sobbing]
[muffled wailing]
[gasping]
[gasping sobs]
[insects chirring]
[rooster crowing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm